1. Play: Definition: engage in activity for enjoyment and recreation, Easy: have fun, Medium: entertain, Hard: frolic
2. Sky: Definition: the region of the atmosphere and outer space seen from the Earth, Easy: heavens, Medium: firmament, Hard: vault of heaven
3. Colorful: Definition: having a lot of different bright colors, Easy: vibrant, Medium: multicolored, Hard: kaleidoscopic
4. Happy: Definition: Feeling or showing pleasure or contentment, Easy: Joyful, Medium: Content, Hard: Blithesome
5. Tree: Definition: A tall perennial woody plant, having a single main stem or trunk and usually bearing branches and leaves at some distance from the ground, Easy: Plant, Medium: Flora, Hard: Arboreal
6. Run: Definition: to move swiftly on foot, Easy: jog, Medium: sprint, Hard: gallop
7. Ocean: Definition: A large body of saltwater that covers most of the Earth's surface, Easy: Sea, Medium: Blue, Hard: Abyss
8. Bright: Definition: emitting or reflecting a lot of light, Easy: radiant, Medium: luminous, Hard: resplendent
9. Jump: Definition: To move suddenly off the ground, Easy: Hop, Medium: Leap, Hard: Vault
10. Mountain: Definition: a large natural elevation of the earth's surface rising abruptly from the surrounding level; Easy: hill, Medium: peak, Hard: alp
11. Sing: Definition: Produce musical sounds with the voice, Easy: Warble, Medium: Croon, Hard: Trill
12. Dance: Definition: Move rhythmically to music, Easy: Twirl, Medium: Groove, Hard: Pirouette
13. Cloud: Definition: a visible mass of condensed water vapor floating in the atmosphere, Easy: mist, Medium: cumulus, Hard: nebula
14. Beautiful: Definition: Pleasing the senses or mind in a delightful way, Easy: Lovely, Medium: Attractive, Hard: Exquisite
15. Swim: Definition: To move through water by moving the body using the limbs, Easy: Splash, Medium: Paddle, Hard: Glide
16. Soft: Definition: Not hard or firm, Easy: Gentle, Medium: Supple, Hard: Pliable1. Sing: Definition: to make musical sounds with the voice, Easy: vocalize, Medium: croon, Hard: warble
2. Ocean: Definition: a large body of salt water that covers a majority of the Earth's surface, Easy: sea, Medium: marine, Hard: abyssal
3. Cloud: Definition: a visible mass of condensed water vapor floating in the atmosphere, Easy: air, Medium: mist, Hard: nebula
4. Jump: Definition: move suddenly and quickly off the ground, Easy: hop, Medium: leap, Hard: vault
5. Play: Definition: engage in activity for enjoyment and recreation, Easy: have fun, Medium: participate, Hard: frolic
6. Tree: Definition: A perennial plant with a trunk and branches bearing leaves or needles., Easy: Wood, Medium: Timber, Hard: Arboreal
7. Happy: Definition: feeling or showing pleasure or contentment, Easy: joyful, Medium: content, Hard: elated
8. Beautiful: Definition: Pleasing to the senses or mind, Easy: Pretty, Medium: Attractive, Hard: Exquisite
9. Run: Definition: to move swiftly on foot, Easy: sprint, Medium: jog, Hard: gallop
10. Mountain: Definition: a large natural elevation of the earth's surface rising abruptly from the surrounding level; Easy: hill, Medium: peak, Hard: crag
11. Dance: Definition: to move the body in a rhythmic way, Easy: groove, Medium: boogie, Hard: pirouette
12. Sky: Definition: The atmosphere seen from the Earth's surface as a vast expanse above. Easy: Heaven, Medium: Firmament, Hard: Empyrean
13. Soft: Definition: Having a smooth, gentle, and non-abrasive texture, Easy: Gentle, Medium: Plush, Hard: Malleable
14. Colorful: Definition: having many different colors, Easy: bright, Medium: vibrant, Hard: kaleidoscopic
15. Swim: Definition: To move through water by moving your arms and legs, Easy: Float, Medium: Paddle, Hard: Plunge
16. Bright: Definition: giving out or reflecting a lot of light, Easy: shiny, Medium: luminous, Hard: effulgent
